Liberate: Force AI to use always the same wording for data-liberation flows (#4122)
Automattic/studio: packages/data-liberation-agent/skills/liberate/SKILL.md

- "This is obviously a store, blocks is the only sensible path." → Still ask. The operator may want fidelity over editability.
- "I'll extract first so the operator has more data when they decide." → Discovery already gives platform · counts · features — enough to choose. Don't burn extraction to defer the question.

> Show the discovery inventory (pages · archetypes · products · platform features) and a scope/cost/time estimate as a plain chat message, then make a **platform-informed recommendation** and call **AskUserQuestion**. The question, labels, and descriptions below are **fixed copy — use them verbatim**: do not paraphrase, shorten, or restate the inventory inside them. List the recommended option first and append ` (Recommended)` to its label — that is the only allowed variation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show the discovery inventory (pages · archetypes · products · platform features) and a scope/cost/time estimate as a plain chat message, then call **AskUserQuestion**. The question, labels, and descriptions below are **fixed copy**: the question field must contain EXACTLY this string — nothing prepended or appended (the inventory stays in the chat message, never in the question). Exactly one option is recommended: blocks+products when the site has a store/products, theme replication otherwise. ALWAYS list the recommended option FIRST and append ` (Recommended)` to its label — order and that suffix are the only allowed variations.
```

Author: The problem now is - how AI determines what the recommended option is. So, we should improve [this](https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/4122/changes/BASE..486fa07a06880a39e64c418473f4be382b6acc32#diff-5d20c3e792880fa0edd6728ab85afa9158d887c55d183d17f0cb0be5d8887aa3R108) instruction, which is responsible specifically for determining what is the recommended option.

In the proposed changes, I see just duplicating `blocks+products when the site has a store/products` from there, nothing what can help AI more to understand what is the recommended way

Author: Improved the instructions - https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/4122/changes/f6500b9fb205585e45b82e68a979bbfeac523105

Reviewer: Sure, feel free to adapt the text as you think it makes more sense. In the end what I would expect is a consistent answer and with those instructions I got something a bit more robust.

- question: `How should the site be reconstructed in WordPress?`

> - option label: `Migrate content into blocks + products`

Author: I decided to keep the original wording, but WDYT about changing it to just "Blocks", so that we have:
``` 
- Blocks
- Theme replication
```

  description: `WordPress-native blocks + navigation + WooCommerce product pages. Best launchpad for a redesign. (Reconstructs product pages.)`

> - option label: `Theme replication`

Reviewer: If the theme replication is the most common recommendation should we move it to the first option? I think it will help the instructions described above.
